This software is licensed under the following terms & conditions:

[[ Concrete5.org Marketplace Commercial Add-Ons & Themes License ]]

This License (“the Agreement”) is between DEVELOPMENT PARTNER and Customer as 
identified on the Order Details Email.  This Agreement applies to all employees 
in Customer’s organization (“Authorized Users”).

    1.    License Grant.  Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Customer 
is granted a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the 
Software Application for a single website and a single staging or development 
version.  Customer may not offer the System for resale without expressed 
permission from DEVELOPMENT PARTNER. 

    2.    Augmenting Code. Customer may modify, supplement, adapt, translate or 
create derivative works based upon the System. Any modifications are fully owned 
by customer, and do not effect the license limitations for further use. 


    3.    Ownership.  The System is licensed, not sold.  Customer acknowledges 
that the System (including any changes Customer may request or suggest) is the 
property of DEVELOPMENT PARTNER or its licensors.  Title to the System and all 
related intellectual property will remain with DEVELOPMENT PARTNER and its 
licensors at all times, as will all other rights not explicitly granted to 
Customer in this Agreement. 

    4.    Important Warranty Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability. 

NO WARRANTY.  Although DEVELOPMENT PARTNER attempts to deliver accurate, 
complete content and error-free software applications, occasional errors or 
omissions may occur in the System.  EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS 
AGREEMENT, THE SYSTEM IS PROVIDED "AS IS."  DEVELOPMENT PARTNER MAKES NO OTHER 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  DEVELOPMENT PARTNER DOES 
NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, PERFORMANCE, CURRENCY, MERCHANTABILITY, 
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE SYSTEM.  DEVELOPMENT PARTNER 
DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR CLAIM OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM, 
ARISING OUT OF, OR ANY WAY RELATED TO USE OF THE SYSTEM.  DEVELOPMENT PARTNER’S 
ENTIRE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATION SHALL BE LIMITED TO DEVELOPMENT PARTNER USING 
COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO CORRECT ERRORS OR OMISSIONS AND SHALL 
CONSTITUTE CUSTOMER’S SOLE RIGHT AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY HEREUNDER WITH RESPECT TO 
THE SYSTEM.

IMPORTANT LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT SHALL DEVELOPMENT PARTNER OR ITS 
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, VENDORS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF 
PROFIT, OR FOR ANY OTHER SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER 
CAUSED, WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY IN TORT, 
WARRANTY, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY.  IN NO EVENT SHALL DEVELOPMENT PARTNER’S 
CUMULATIVE AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL FEES PAID 
BY CUSTOMER TO DEVELOPMENT PARTNER WITH RESPECT TO THE THEN-CURRENT TERM OF THE 
AGREEMENT.

EOF
